it's going to need to Vicki I see
obsession and I finally finished my
desert buggy brushless took it'll work
today finished it up there took a full
spin in the parking lot
let me tell you this thing it's got a
lot of power I am very happy with it
I was gonna come home today and do a
running video in my backyard
but now it's raining so I can't so for
now I'm just gonna show you the finished
product
kids making moves Thank You bows say hi
hi anyway um here you go
I'm gonna take the cover off breaking
pretty awesome I'm just gonna I just
have to make the wise a little more neat
but for now I just wanted to test drive
it so there you have it this is it with
the battery trays I like this because
you can replace the place the battery
trays where you want them I put them
more towards the back because the desert
buggy is a little nose heavy so I
bounced it out and everything and I
think it's perfect I can't wait till I
jump with it so let me just do a little
walk around and show you so this is the
curtain thanks G oh my
you knocked it over knocked over my body
honey please leave it alone thank you
anyway here you go
I'm using Jenny's five thousand to four
cell with a 65 seat of 60 C so there you
have it the motor
you go so you have it hopefully well not
today because it is raining hopefully
tomorrow I'll come home tomorrow and try
do a nice little running video and show
you the pure power this thing has it
puts my cat5 motor to shame let me tell
you this castle brushless system is just
insane I had it I have it in my brushes
Baha now I have it here
well actually I did take it out of my
Baha I am gonna put it back in because
I'm ordering
I haven't decide what motor exactly to
order I am buying another XL to ESC for
this so but this motor
um haven't decided yet but I'll get back
to you but if anyone has any questions
about this just hit me up or if you
haven't subscribed please subscribe you
know what to get picked up you hungry
yeah honey okay daddy's done down I've
got to feed the little man life everyday
alright well that's it keep in touch and
look out for my running videos so I'll
be soon
that's it guys peace out